feat(doorstop): Implement external parent (#15)
CodethinkLabs/doorstop: docs/reference/document.md

  Some template text, which may
  have several
  lines.
```
# Beta Features

## External documents

> **Note: When you use this feature, it is designed assuming that the external parent will be responsible to identify the root document.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: When you use this feature, it is designed assuming that the external parent will be responsible for identifying the root document.**
```

It is possible to attach an external parent document (in other words an external git repo) as a parent to a local document. 

The objective of this feature is to allow reusability of previous documents or even to split the work across multiple
repos.

To use this feature you need to modify `.doorstop.yml` to be similar to:

```yaml
external_parent: <GIT URL> <-- git url to used to pull the external parent **Required**
external_parent_tag: <GIT_TAG> <-- tag or branch to be used **REQUIRED**
settings:
  parent: REQ <---- PREFIX from the external document **REQUIRED**
  digits: 3
  prefix: REQ
  sep: ''
```

> If for some reason you needed to update external tag or parent location, run doorstop with the flag `--clean-external-docs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to update the external tag or parent location, run doorstop with the flag `--clean-external-docs`.
```
